smile in the mirror every morning
morning comes whether you set the alarm or not
nothing I say this day will teach me anything, if I am going to learn, I must do it by listening.
i wake up in the morning and my heart is light
with the new day comes new strength and new thoughts
life is what we make it, always has been, and always will be
you may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you do not try
i have got nothing to say but it's okay, good morning
the greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall
the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing
in the end, it is not the years in your life that count. It is the life in your years.
do not let making a living prevent you from making a life
success is not final, failure is not fatal
if you want something different begin to choose differently
worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow it only saps today of its joy
a day without laughter is a day wasted
when the sun came up I couldn't tell where heaven stopped and the Earth began
the silence in the morning holds lots of expectations and is more hopeful than the silence at night
it is never too late to be what you might have been
either write something worth reading or do something worth writing
your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life
if you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way
i would regret the things I have done rather than regret the things I haven't done.
always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
don't ask if your dream is crazy, ask if it is crazy enough
always believe something wonderful is about to happen
what you do today can improve your tomorrow
two things define you, your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.
find something you're passionate about and be interested in it.
go as far as you can see and you will see further
frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse
toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore
may the force be with you
bond, james bond
there's no place like home
i will have what she's having
i will be back
today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth
we will always have Paris
houston we have a problem
you had me at hello
one morning I shot an elephant in my pyjamas How he got in my pyjamas I don't know
keep your friends close but your enemies closer
elementary, my dear Watson
here is Johnny
hasta la vista, baby
i feel the need, the need for speed
nobody puts Baby in a corner
i am the king of the world
carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary
you are gonna need a bigger boat
mirror mirror on the wall who is the fairest one of them all
they may take our lives but they will never take our freedom